[instruments]
Didn't you just say
Nothing left but bills to pay
So the story goes
Time will fly, reap and sow
Nothing left to pardon
Nothing left but the truth
Sideways and find ways
To get me back home
Back home to the groove.
Different kind of faith
One where you convince yourself its not too late
Thinking 'bout what went wrong
See it in yesterday's mourning song
Nothing left to pardon
Nothing left but the truth
Sideways and find ways
To get me back home
Back home to the groove.
What if I could spare,
Something left you do not dare
Wonder what was right
All those answers in the dark of night
Nothing left to pardon
Nothing left but the truth
Sideways and find ways
To get me back home
Back home to the groove.